docs: reduce abstraction and make it easier to read (#48377)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/how-to-setup-freecodecamp-locally.md

This single command will fire up all the services, including the API server and the client applications available for you to work on.

Once ready, open a web browser and **visit <http://localhost:8000>**. If the app loads, sign in. Congratulations – you're all set! You now have a copy of freeCodeCamp's entire learning platform running on your local machine.

> The API Server serves APIs at `http://localhost:3000`. The Gatsby app serves the client application at `http://localhost:8000`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API serves endpoints at `http://localhost:3000`. The Gatsby app serves the client application at `http://localhost:8000`
```

While you are logged in, if you visit <http://localhost:3000/explorer> you should see the available APIs.

> [!WARNING]
> Clearing your cookies or running `npm run seed:certified-user` will log you out, and you will have to sign in again.

> If you had issue while installing it, checkout the [troubleshooting section](troubleshooting-development-issues.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have issues while installing it, check out the [troubleshooting section](troubleshooting-development-issues.md)
```
